Well, look, Elisey Andreevich, there is a miracle Yudo sitting there, you
better not go that direction, but we have a stage there, see?
don't see, can't you see? I don't see.
See? Yeah, I see
Vanya, but come with me, help me
Or I reach either the keys or the pedals
The choice is difficult, well, let's go, I will help
Well, dear friends, of course when we announced
that in the fabulous season that we are doing together as creators the film "The Last Bogatyr"
will be attended by guys from previous seasons, many people asked the question: will Elisey Mysin be?
and here he is on stage
, you have a lot of interesting things happened, have you now moved from Stavropol to where?
to Moscow, to Moscow, and study at the central music school,
tell me, but your "Mandarin" has already become such a famous work that, as far as I know, you even received copyright for it, right? Yes!
I can say that I follow this young artist very closely.I
am happy that he studies at the central music school at the conservatory.This
is really a very gifted person, he understands perfectly well, I know that he does not like when he is especially praised when he
enters here, and flies out of the other ear instantly
because he is very greedy for creativity, he always learns something new, he always composes something
I wish you good luck and "Mandarin" of course we will play, despite the deductions to copyright
Oleg, well, you remember Elisha 2 years ago
A huge discovery of the Blue Bird
Happiness that the discovery continues, Elisha is growing both technically and simply in height
But what is most remarkable for me is that it does not directly lose charm
and these qualities are inherent in real talent, efficiency, and in at the same time, frankness in creativity
I wish it to remain for life and thank you very much for today
Elena, well, this is the first time you see Elisha on stage.
I just know that in connection with the fact that I've never met children like you in my life, well, with such a young man like you
, you can just tell me your daily routine, that's what your day consists of.
And what are you looking at me? I don’t know what your day is, but it’s probably breakfast, right?
What do you usually eat for breakfast? Well, eat an omelet? porridge? Omelet and porridge.
How much piano do you play a day? It happens at 8, 4, 2 hours,
and when do you play with toys? He plays the piano. Do you draw, and when do you read?
When you and Denis go to a concert, he probably reads you a book on the plane))
They have a childhood, they just have a different tempo and rhythm. They all have time and go to school, but it's not every day for 8 hours, though Elisha, tell me
It's absolutely brilliant, Elisha is not conceited, this is an amazing quality when works, work, this is the most important thing
Elisha is capable
Awesome by the way, that would be a wonderful duet
Here is Sergei, a great idea, because it also came to my mind when Elisey was playing,
because Denis, you have now perfectly celebrated Rokhmaninov's birthday by playing 5 of his concerts.
And now his work was also played, maybe we will continue to celebrate? Maybe you and Elisha are a little bit Polka, we love your duet so much.
Let's try
How fast you run Dinis. The Spartak team has a replacement: Denis Matsuev plays instead of Medyanik's orchestra.
Sergei Vasilievich Rachmaninov: "Polka" performed by: Denis Matsuev and Elisey Mysin
I will repeat again the phrase I said after that "Mandarin": You can travel around the country with this number !!!
You should have seen Elena Yakovleva, she moved Oleg Pogudin there from the other end, it seemed to her that it would be better to see there, then she almost fell out
I wanted to see 4 ingenious hands, and I saw them
A few questions for the great pianist:
Denis, is your name? ))
Please tell me, how are you?
I'm from Irkutsk
. How many hours a day do you play music?
I mainly play football, but my dad and mom make me ...
To act in films, in "Bogatyr"?
I want to go to "Bogatyr", but they won't take me, I stayed in the Blue Bird for the third year already))
Thank you for inviting me, I really love this program, my parents and I watch it
Bogatyr Ivan and Bogatyr Denis
Thank you very much!
This will be a worthy continuation of the tale, thank you very much